Add multiple `/knowledge` entries (#1876)
vercel/docs: pages/knowledge/how-to-enable-cors.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {
  "title": "How can I enable CORS on serverless functions?",
  "description": "Information on how to enable CORS on serverless functions.",
  "editUrl": "pages/knowledge/how-to-enable-cors.mdx",
  "url": "/knowledge/how-to-enable-cors",
  "published": "2020-06-02T17:45:25.312Z",
  "lastEdited": "2020-06-02T17:45:25.312Z"
}

### Understanding CORS

Before enabling this feature for your website, it is important to understand what "Cross-Origin Resource Sharing" is. It is highly recommended that you take a look at:

1. [Mozilla Documentation on CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS).
2. [Code Academy: What is CORS?](https://www.codecademy.com/articles/what-is-cors)
3. [Wikipedia entry on CORS.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing)

### Enabling CORS on a Vercel deployment

Once you understand what is CORS and the potential risks of enabling it, you can do so by following this example:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

// api/index.js
const allowCors = fn => async (req, res) => {
  res.setHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Credentials', true);
  res.setHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Origin', '*');
  // another option
  // res.setHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Origin', req.header.origin);
  res.setHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Methods', 'GET,OPTIONS');
  res.setHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Headers', 'X-CSRF-Token, X-Requested-With, Accept, Accept-Version, Content-Length, Content-MD5, Content-Type, Date, X-Api-Version');
  if (req.method === 'OPTIONS') {
    res.status(200).end();
    return;
  }
  return await fn(req, res)
}

const handler = (req, res) => {
  const d = new Date()
  res.end(d.toString())
}

module.exports = allowCors(handler)
```

> You can find a live example deployed to Vercel [here](https://vercel.com/vercel-support/cors-example/bo5p5777q/vercel-support.app/source?f=src%2Fapi%2Findex.js).

Reviewer: @paulogdm is this the correct URL? Shouldn’t it be like this?

```suggestion
You can find a live example deployed to Vercel [here](https://cors-example-bo5p5777q.vercel-support.app/api).
```
